README.md, before:

[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/wilselby/ouster_example.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/wilselby/ouster_example/)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/wilselby/ouster_example.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/wilselby/ouster_example/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](https://github.com/wilselby/ouster_example/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wilselby/ouster_example.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wilselby/ouster_example)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fwilselby%2Fouster_example.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fwilselby%2Fouster_example?ref=badge_shield)

# OS-1 Example Code
Sample code for connecting to and configuring the OS-1, reading and visualizing
data, and interfacing with ROS.

See the `README.md` in each subdirectory for details.

## Contents
* [ouster_client/](ouster_client/README.md) contains an example C++ client for the OS-1 sensor
* [ouster_viz/](ouster_viz/README.md) contains a visualizer for the OS-1 sensor
* [ouster_ros/](ouster_ros/README.md) contains example ROS nodes for publishing point cloud messages

## Sample Data
* Sample sensor output usable with the provided ROS code is available
  [here](https://data.ouster.io/sample-data-1.10)

Commit message:

Update pulls, stars, github, cartographer link

README.md, after:

[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/kbearrk/ouster_example_cartographer.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/kbearrk/ouster_example_cartographer/)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/kbearrk/ouster_example_cartographer.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/kbearrk/ouster_example_cartographer/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](https://github.com/Krishtof-Korda/ouster_example_cartographer/blob/master/LICENSE)


Sample code for connecting to and configuring the Ouster, reading and visualizing
data, and interfacing with ROS.

See the `README.md` in each subdirectory for details.

## Contents
* [ouster_client/](ouster_client/README.md) contains an example C++ client for the Ouster sensor
* [ouster_viz/](ouster_viz/README.md) contains a visualizer for the Ouster sensor
* [ouster_ros/](ouster_ros/README.md) contains example ROS nodes for publishing point cloud messages
* [cartographer_ros/](cartographer_ros/) contains example Cartographer ROS configuration files for doing SLAM with an Ouster sensor

## Sample Data
* Sample sensor output usable with the provided ROS code is available
  [here](https://data.ouster.io/sample-data-1.13)
